README.md, before:

# Log-In-Log-Out

- The purpose of this application is to learn a basic understand on our to use TypeScript with a JS library.
- The credientials used in this application are not real and are intended for testing purposes
- This application will give a user in the system the ability to log in, log out and navigate to certain pages when logged in

> To use the npm packages used in this application run the following commands in the terminal:

- npm install nodemon
- npm install concurrently
- npm install tsc-node
- npm install express
- npm install body-parser
- npm install cookie-session

> To start the application on your local server, complete the following steps:

- Run the following command in your terminal: npm start
- Once it states in your terminal Listening on port 3000..., you are good to go
- Navigate to localhost:3000

> To login use the following test credientials:

- Email: test@email.com
- Password: password

> The following routes that can be used are listed below:

- localhost:3000/
- localhost:3000/login
- localhost:3000/logout
- localhost:3000/protected

Commit message:

Refactor routes to use decorator functionality"

README.md, after:

# Log-In-Log-Out

- The purpose of this application is to learn a basic understand on our to use TypeScript with a JS library.
- This application can also be used to learn how to create decorators and use those decorators for routing functionality
- The credientials used in this application are not real and are intended for testing purposes
- This application will give a user in the system the ability to log in, log out and navigate to certain pages when logged in

> To use the npm packages used in this application run the following commands in the terminal:

- npm install nodemon
- npm install concurrently
- npm install tsc-node
- npm install express
- npm install body-parser
- npm install cookie-session
- npm install reflect-metadata

> To start the application on your local server, complete the following steps:

- Run the following command in your terminal: npm start
- Once it states in your terminal Listening on port 3000..., you are good to go
- Navigate to localhost:3000

> To login use the following test credientials:

- Email: test@email.com
- Password: password

> The following routes that can be used are listed below:

- localhost:3000/
- localhost:3000/auth/login
- localhost:3000/auth/logout
- localhost:3000/auth/protected
